ID: 1157
Title: Online Majority Element In Subarray
URL: https://leetcode.com/problems/online-majority-element-in-subarray/
Status: FALHA

<think>
Okay, I need to solve this problem where I have to design a MajorityChecker class that can efficiently find the majority element in a subarray. The majority element here is defined as an element that appears at least threshold times in the subarray. The challenge is to handle up to 10^4 queries efficiently.

First, I remember that a straightforward approach for each query would be to count the frequency of each element in the subarray from left to right. But with the constraints given, that's O(n) per query, which would be too slow for 1e4 queries on arrays of size 2e4. That would lead to O(1e4 * 2e4) = 2e8 operations, which might be acceptable but maybe there's a better way.

Hmm, the classic majority element problem (which requires more than half the elements) can be solved in O(1) space with Boyer-Moore algorithm, but that's only for the entire array. But here, the threshold can vary, and the subarrays are arbitrary. So that approach might not directly apply.

Another idea: using a frequency dictionary for each possible element, storing the indices where they occur. Then, for a query, for each possible candidate element, check if the number of occurrences in the subarray meets or exceeds the threshold. But how do I efficiently check that?

Wait, if I pre-process each element's occurrences into a sorted list of indices, then for a query [left, right], the count of element x in that range can be found via binary search. For example, for element x, the list of indices is sorted, so the number of elements between left and right is upper_bound(right) - lower_bound(left). 

But the problem is that for each query, I can't check all possible elements because there could be up to 2e4 different elements. That would be O(k) per query where k is the number of unique elements, which could be bad.

Alternatively, maybe the majority element in the subarray must be the candidate that appears the most. So, perhaps for each query, we can pick a random element in the subarray and check if it meets the threshold. If not, try again a few times. But this is probabilistic and might not work for all cases.

Alternatively, we can use a segment tree where each node stores a map of elements and their counts in that interval. But building such a structure would take O(n log n) space, which for n=2e4 would be 2e4 * log2(2e4) ~ 2e4 * 15 = 3e5 nodes, each with a map. That might be too much in terms of memory and time.

Wait, another approach: For each element x, store a list of its indices. Then, for a query, the majority element must be the one with the maximum count in that interval. To find the maximum count, perhaps we can use a Mo's algorithm approach, but that's O(n√n) per query, which might not be better.

Alternatively, the problem's constraints mention that 2*threshold > right - left +1. Wait, looking back at the problem statement: the threshold condition is given as part of the query. Wait, the problem says "threshold <= right - left + 1" and "2 * threshold > right - right - left +1? Wait, the constraints say "2 * threshold > right - left +1". Wait, the problem's constraints state that "2 * threshold > right - left + 1". So the threshold is more than half the length of the subarray. Because the threshold must be at least ceil((right-left+1)/2 +1). Wait, the problem's constraints say that for each query, 2*threshold > (right - left +1). So the threshold is more than half the length of the subarray. Wait, that's an important point. Because the majority element here is required to appear at least threshold times, and since threshold is more than half the subarray's length, there can be at most one such element. Because if two elements each had threshold counts, their total would be over the subarray length. So the majority element (if exists) is unique.

Ah, that's a key insight! Since the threshold is more than half the length of the subarray, there can be at most one element that meets the threshold. So for each query, we just need to find if any element has a count >= threshold. Since there can be at most one such element, perhaps we can find it efficiently.

So how do I find that element quickly?

One approach is to use a hash map for each position, but that might not help. Alternatively, for each element's occurrence list, we can perform a binary search to see if there's an element with enough occurrences in the interval.

Wait, here's an idea: For each element x, store a sorted list of its indices. Then, for a query [L, R], the count of x in that interval is the number of indices in x's list that are between L and R. To find if any x has count >= threshold, we can iterate through possible candidates. But how do I find the candidate efficiently?

Alternatively, since the required element must be the one that appears the most in the subarray. So, if we can find the most frequent element in the subarray and check if its count meets the threshold, that would work. But how to find the most frequent element quickly?

Hmm, perhaps using a segment tree where each node stores a frequency map. But building such a structure would be O(n log n) space, which might be feasible. Each query would take O(log n) time to traverse the tree and combine the frequency maps. But combining frequency maps at each node might be time-consuming. Alternatively, each segment tree node could store the top elements with their counts. For example, each node stores the elements and their counts in that interval. But merging these could be expensive.

Alternatively, another approach inspired by the majority element's property: since the required element must be the majority in the subarray (since threshold is more than half the length), then the majority element in the subarray (if exists) is the only candidate. So, perhaps we can use a segment tree where each node stores the candidate majority element and its count for that interval. Then, when querying, we can combine the left and right children's candidates to find the majority in the current interval. This is similar to the way a segment tree can be used for range majority queries.

Wait, yes! The problem reduces to finding the majority element in the subarray, since the threshold is more than half the length. Because if an element occurs at least threshold times, and since threshold > (right - left +1)/2, then that element is the majority element of the subarray. So the problem is equivalent to finding the majority element in the subarray [L, R], and if its count is >= threshold, return it, else -1.

Wait, but the threshold can be different for each query. Wait, the problem says "returns the element in the subarray arr[left...right] that occurs at least threshold times, or -1 if no such element exists." But the constraints state that 2*threshold > (right - left +1). So the threshold is more than half the length. Therefore, the required element must be the majority element of the subarray (since it must appear more than half the time). Wait, no, the threshold is at least threshold, which is more than half the length. So the element must be the majority element (if it exists). Because if there's an element with count >= threshold, then it must be the majority element (since threshold > (length)/2). So the problem reduces to finding the majority element in the subarray, and if its count is >= threshold, return it, else -1.

Therefore, the problem can be transformed into a range majority query problem. So the key is to build a data structure that can answer range majority queries efficiently.

The standard approach for range majority queries is using a segment tree where each node stores the majority candidate and its count for that interval. When querying, we can combine the left and right children's candidates. The majority in the current interval is the candidate with the higher count between the two children's candidates, or a new candidate if they are different. This way, each node's majority can be stored, and queries can be done in O(log n time.

Wait, but how does this work exactly? Let me think. Each segment tree node represents an interval. For each node, we store the majority element in that interval (the element with the highest count) and its count. When querying a range, we can split the query into O(log n) nodes, collect their majority candidates, and then determine the overall majority. However, this might not directly give the majority of the entire query range, but perhaps with some post-processing.

Alternatively, there's a structure called a "range majority" data structure. One efficient way is to use a segment tree where each node stores a list of candidates. But perhaps the simplest approach here is to use a segment tree where each node stores the majority element and its count. Then, when querying, we can traverse the necessary nodes, collect the candidates, and compute the majority among them. However, this might require O(log n) candidates to consider, and then among those, find which has the highest count in the query range.

Alternatively, here's a possible approach:

The segment tree approach for range majority:

Each node of the segment tree stores the majority element of its interval and the count of that element in the interval. For a leaf node (single element), it's trivial. For internal nodes, when merging two children, if both children have the same majority, then the parent's majority is that element with counts added. If different, then the majority is the one with higher count. If counts are equal, then there's no majority, so the parent's majority is undefined (or set to some default, but in our case, since the problem requires a threshold, maybe we can handle it).

Wait, but when querying a range, the majority of the entire range can be found by combining the majority candidates from the relevant segments. However, the majority of the entire range may not be present in any of the individual segments' majority candidates. Hmm, so this approach might not work directly.

Alternatively, there's a paper or known algorithm for this. Alternatively, perhaps the best way is to use a structure called a "Fischer's range majority structure", but I might not remember the exact details.

Alternatively, another approach is to use a Mo's algorithm for the queries, but that would be O(Q * sqrt(N)), which for 1e4 queries and N=2e4, sqrt(N) is ~141, so 1e4 * 141 = 1.4e6 operations, which is manageable. But Mo's algorithm is offline and requires sorting the queries, which might not be feasible here since the queries are online.

Hmm, perhaps the best approach here is to pre-process for each element x, the list of indices where it occurs. Then, for a query [L, R], the required element must be the one with the maximum count in that interval. Since the threshold is more than half the length, the maximum count must be at least threshold. So, the problem reduces to finding the element with the maximum count in the interval, and checking if it meets the threshold.

To find the maximum count element in a range, perhaps we can use a wavelet tree or a segment tree with frequency information. But storing frequencies for all elements in each segment tree node is too memory-intensive.

Alternatively, since the threshold is more than half the length of the subarray, the majority element (if exists) must be the one that appears the most in the subarray. So, to find the majority element in the subarray, we can use a segment tree that can find the majority in O(log n) time.

Wait, here's an approach inspired by the Boyer-Moore algorithm. The segment tree can store for each interval the candidate majority and its count. Then, when querying a range, we can combine the candidates from the relevant segments. The majority of the entire range must be one of the candidates from the segments. So, when querying, we collect all the candidates from the relevant nodes and then check which of those candidates has the highest count in the query range. Since the majority element must be one of the candidates from the segment tree nodes, we can check each candidate's count in the query range using binary search on their occurrence lists.

Wait, here's a possible plan:

1. Preprocess for each element x, a sorted list of indices where x occurs. This takes O(n) space per element, but overall O(n) total since each element's list is stored once.

2. For a query [L, R, threshold], we need to find any element x where the count of x in [L, R] >= threshold. Since the threshold is more than half the length, there can be at most one such element. So, the majority element is the only possible candidate.

3. To find the majority element in [L, R], we can use a segment tree that allows us to find the majority in O(log n) time. Once we have the candidate, we can verify its count using binary search on its occurrence list.

So the steps would be:

- For each query, first find the majority candidate in [L, R] using the segment tree. Then, check if its actual count in the interval is >= threshold. If yes, return it; else, return -1.

The key is building the segment tree to find the majority in O(log n) time.

Building the segment tree for majority:

Each node stores the majority element of its interval and its count. For leaves, it's the element itself with count 1. For internal nodes, when merging two children:

- If the left and right children have the same majority, the parent's majority is that element with counts summed.

- If different, then the parent's majority is the one with higher count. If counts are equal, then there's no majority, so store both? Wait, but storing two candidates might complicate things.

Alternatively, the parent's majority is the candidate with higher count, and if they are equal, then the parent has no majority. But in that case, the parent's majority is set to one of them, but the count is the sum. Wait, perhaps this approach can still work.

Wait, the segment tree approach for majority queries:

Each node stores a candidate (the majority element of the interval) and its count. When merging two children, if their candidates are the same, the parent's candidate is that element with counts added. If different, the parent's candidate is the one with higher count, and the count is the difference between the two counts. Wait, but that might not track the actual count. Hmm, perhaps this approach can still work for finding the majority.

Wait, the standard approach for a segment tree for majority is as follows:

Each node stores a pair (candidate, count). The candidate is the majority in the interval, and the count is the number of occurrences of the candidate in the interval minus the sum of all other elements' counts. This way, if the count is positive, the candidate is indeed the majority.

When merging two intervals, the parent's candidate is the candidate of the left or right, whichever has a higher count. If they are the same, then the counts are added. If different, the parent's candidate is the one with higher count, and the count is (left.count + right.count) if same, else (left.count - right.count) if candidates differ. Wait, perhaps this is getting complicated.

Alternatively, the segment tree can store for each interval the candidate and its count. When merging two intervals:

- If left's candidate is the same as right's, then the parent's candidate is that element, with count = left.count + right.count.

- If different, then compare their counts. The parent's candidate is the one with higher count, and the count is (left.count - right.count) if left's candidate has higher count, else (right.count - left.count). The sign indicates which candidate is the majority. Wait, but this might not track the actual count, but just the difference. However, the actual count can be tracked as the maximum between the two counts plus the difference?

Hmm, perhaps this approach can be used to find the majority candidate. The key point is that the majority of the entire interval must be either the majority of the left or the right child. Because if there is a majority in the entire interval, it must be the majority in at least one of the children. Therefore, when querying, the majority of the entire interval must be one of the two children's majority candidates. So, when querying, we can collect the candidates from the relevant segments and check which of them has a count >= threshold.

Wait, here's the plan:

The segment tree nodes store the majority candidate and its count in their interval. When querying a range, we can collect all the candidates from the relevant nodes (the O(log n nodes that cover the query range). Then, among all these candidates, the actual majority of the entire query range must be one of these candidates. Because if there is a majority element in the entire range, it must be the majority in at least one of the segments, so it would be present in one of the nodes' candidates.

Therefore, the steps would be:

1. For a query [L, R], traverse the segment tree to collect all the candidates from the nodes that cover the query range. These candidates are O(log n in number.

2. For each candidate in this list, compute its actual count in [L, R] using binary search on its occurrence list.

3. The candidate with the highest count is the majority. If its count is >= threshold, return it; else, return -1.

This way, the query time is O(log n (to collect the candidates) plus O(k log n), where k is the number of candidates, which is O(log n). So total O(log n log n) time per query.

The steps would be:

- Preprocessing:

   a. For each element x in the array, store a sorted list of indices where x occurs. This takes O(n) time and space.

   b. Build a segment tree where each node stores the majority candidate and its count in its interval.

- Query processing:

   a. Query the segment tree for the query range [L, R], collecting all the candidates from the relevant nodes. The candidates are O(log n in number.

   b. For each candidate, use binary search on their occurrence lists to find how many times they appear in [L, R].

   c. Find the candidate with the maximum count. If that count >= threshold, return it; else, return -1.

This approach requires that the segment tree can collect the possible candidates efficiently.

Alternatively, the segment tree can be built such that for any interval, the majority candidate is stored. Then, when querying, the majority of the entire interval must be one of the candidates from the nodes covering the query range. So, collect all the candidates from those nodes, then for each candidate, compute their actual count in the query range via binary search on their occurrence lists. The maximum among these is the majority candidate. Since the threshold is more than half the length, if there is a majority, it must be the one with the highest count.

So the steps would be:

Implement the segment tree as described. For each query:

- Collect all the candidates from the nodes that cover the query interval. These candidates are O(log n in number.

- For each candidate in this list, compute the count in [L, R] via binary search on their occurrence list.

- Find the candidate with the maximum count. If that count >= threshold, return it; else, return -1.

The key is that the actual majority element must be among the candidates from the segment tree nodes. Thus, by checking all those candidates, we can find the correct element.

Now, the steps for building the segment tree:

Each node represents an interval [l, r]. For a leaf node (single element), the candidate is that element with count 1.

For internal nodes:

Sup Let left and right children have candidates (c1, cnt1) and (c2, cnt2).

If c1 == c2, then the parent's candidate is c1 with count cnt1 + cnt2.

If c1 != c2:

   if cnt1 > cnt2: parent's candidate is c1 with count cnt1 - cnt2.

   else: parent's candidate is c2 with count cnt2 - cnt1.

This way, the count stored is the difference between the counts of the two candidates. However, this might not track the actual count, but the candidate stored in the node is the one that has a higher count in that interval. 

Wait, this is similar to the Boyer-Moore algorithm's approach. The stored count is the difference between the two candidates. The actual count of the candidate in the interval is (count of candidate) = (stored count + (total elements in interval - (other elements' counts)) )) / 2? Not sure. Maybe this approach allows us to track the possible majority candidates.

Alternatively, the stored count is the difference between the two candidates. The actual majority in the interval is the candidate with the higher count. The stored count is the difference between the two. So, for a node, the candidate is the one with higher count, and the count is the difference between the two. 

This way, when merging two nodes, the parent's candidate is the one with higher count, and the difference is the difference between the two counts. 

This allows the segment tree to store the possible candidates. 

When querying, the query function would traverse the necessary nodes, collect the candidates from the nodes that cover the query range, and then among those candidates, the actual majority must be one of them. 

Wait, but how do we collect the candidates? The segment tree's query function would need to return all the candidates from the nodes that cover the query range. 

Alternatively, when querying, the query function can collect all the candidates from the nodes that are part of the query's decomposition into O(log n nodes. 

Once we have all the candidates (O(log n elements), since each level of the tree adds a few candidates), the total is O(log n candidates), then for each candidate, we can compute their actual count in the query range via binary search on their occurrence lists. 

The maximum count among these candidates will be the maximum possible count in the interval. If that count is >= threshold, return it, else -1.

This approach would have O(n log n) time for building, and O(log n candidates per query, each requiring O(log m (where m is the number of occurrences of the candidate) time. Since the number of candidates is O(log n, the total per query is O(log n * log n) time, which is acceptable for 1e4 queries.

So the steps are:

Preprocessing:

- For each element x, store a sorted list of indices where x occurs. This is O(n) time and space.

- Build a segment tree where each node stores the majority candidate and its count (as per the difference method). 

Query steps:

1. Query the segment tree for the query range, collecting all the candidates from the nodes that cover the query interval. The candidates are O(log n in number.

2. For each candidate in this list, compute the count in [L, R] using binary search on their occurrence lists.

3. Find the candidate with the maximum count. If that count >= threshold, return it; else, return -1.

This approach would work because the actual majority element must be one of the candidates from the segment tree nodes. Because if there is a majority element in the query range, it must be the majority in at least one of the segments in the segment tree's decomposition of the query range. Thus, it would be present in at least one of the nodes' candidates.

Wait, but the segment tree's nodes may have different candidates. For example, the majority in the left half and right half could be different, but the overall majority could be one of them. 

But the key point is that the true majority (if exists) must be one of the candidates stored in the nodes along the path. 

Therefore, by checking all the candidates from the nodes involved in the query, we can find the correct candidate.

Now, the steps for the code:

Implement the segment tree as described. For each node, store the candidate and its count (the difference as per the merging rules). 

Wait, but when querying, how do we collect the candidates? The query function would need to traverse the necessary nodes and collect their candidates. 

Alternatively, during the query, the function can collect all the candidates from the nodes that are part of the query's decomposition. 

Once we have the list of candidates (O(log n elements), since each level of the tree adds a few candidates), the total is O(log n candidates), then for each candidate, we can compute their actual count in the query range via binary search on their occurrence lists. 

The maximum of these counts is the maximum possible count in the interval. If that count is >= threshold, return it, else -1.

This approach would work.

Now, the time per query is O(k * log m), where k is O(log n candidates, and log m is the log of the number of occurrences of the candidate. Since m can be up to n, log m is O(log n. So total per query is O( (log n)^2 ), which is acceptable for 1e4 queries (1e4 * (20)^2 = 4e5 operations).

Now, building the segment tree:

Building the segment tree takes O(n) time, since each node can be built in O(1) time if we have the children's info.

Now, the code steps:

Implement the segment tree with each node storing the candidate and count.

The query function would need to collect all the candidates from the nodes that cover the query range. 

Alternatively, the query function can return a list of candidates from the nodes involved in the query. 

Alternatively, the query function can return the candidate stored in the nodes, and then among those candidates, we can compute their actual counts.

Now, the code structure in C++:

First, for each element x, store a vector of indices where x occurs. 

Then, the segment tree nodes need to store the candidate and count. 

Implementing the segment tree:

The segment tree nodes can be built as follows:

Each node's candidate is the majority candidate for its interval. 

Building the segment tree:

For a leaf node (single element), the candidate is that element, count 1.

For an internal node:

left child has (c1, cnt1), right child has (c2, cnt2).

If c1 == c2:

   candidate is c1, count is cnt1 + cnt2.

Else:

   if cnt1 > cnt2:

      candidate is c1, count = cnt1 - cnt2.

   else:

      candidate is c2, count = cnt2 - cnt1.

Wait, but this count is the difference between the two candidates. So the stored count is the difference between the two candidates' counts. 

However, when querying, the actual count of the candidate in the node's interval is (count + (if the candidate is c1, then (cnt1) + ... Hmm, perhaps this stored count isn't directly the actual count, but the difference between the two candidates. 

This might complicate the actual count calculation. 

Alternatively, perhaps the stored count is the actual count of the candidate in the interval. 

Wait, perhaps the correct way to build the segment tree is as follows:

Each node stores the candidate and its count in the interval. 

For a leaf node, the candidate is the element, count 1.

For internal nodes:

   left has (c1, cnt1), right has (c2, cnt2).

   if c1 == c2:

      candidate is c1, count = cnt1 + cnt2.

   else:

      if cnt1 > cnt2:

          candidate is c1, count = cnt1 - (right's total elements - cnt2) ?

          Wait, no, that's not straightforward.

Alternatively, the count stored is the actual count of the candidate in the interval. 

Wait, perhaps the count stored is the actual count of the candidate in the interval. 

Wait, but how to compute that when merging two intervals:

Sup Let left's candidate is c1 with count cnt1, right's is c2 with count cnt2.

If c1 == c2, then the combined count is cnt1 + cnt2.

If c1 != c2:

   the combined candidate is whichever has higher count. The count is max(cnt1, cnt2. 

But this is not sufficient, because the actual count of the majority candidate in the combined interval is max(cnt1, cnt2. But the actual majority could be another element not present in the children's candidates. 

Hmm, this approach might not work. 

Alternatively, the segment tree can store all possible candidates with their counts, but that's not feasible.

Hmm, perhaps the correct way is to use a segment tree where each node stores a list of possible candidates. But that might be too memory-heavy.

Alternatively, perhaps the best way is to use the approach where the segment tree nodes store the candidate and count as per the Boyer-M Moore approach. 

Wait, here's a better idea inspired by the Boyer-Moore algorithm:

The segment tree can be built such that each node stores the candidate and its count. The count is the actual count of the candidate in the interval. 

When merging two children:

   if left's candidate is the same as right's:

      candidate is that element, count is left.count + rightCount.

   else:

      if left's count > right's count:

          candidate is left's candidate, count = leftCount - rightCount.

      else:

          candidate is right's candidate, count = rightCount - leftCount.

This way, the stored count is the difference between the two candidates. The actual count of the candidate in the node's interval is (count + (total elements in the interval - (other elements' counts)) )) / 2? Not sure. 

But the key point is that the true majority element in the interval must be one of the candidates stored in the nodes along the path. 

Thus, when querying, the candidates from the nodes covering the query range must include the true majority element (if it exists). 

Therefore, when querying, collect all the candidates from the nodes involved in the query's decomposition. 

The number of candidates is O(log n, since each level of the tree adds at most one candidate per level. 

Thus, for each query, collect all the candidates from the nodes involved in the query's decomposition. 

Once we have the list of candidates (O(log n elements), say up to log2(n) elements), which is around 20 for n=2e4), then for each candidate, compute the actual count in [L, R] via binary search on their occurrence lists. 

The maximum count among these candidates is the maximum possible count in the interval. 

Thus, the steps are:

Implement the segment tree as described, then for each query:

- Collect all the candidates from the nodes involved in the query's decomposition. 

- For each candidate in this list, compute the count in [L, R] via binary search on their occurrence lists.

- Find the candidate with the maximum count. If that count >= threshold, return it, else -1.

This approach should work.

Now, the code structure:

First, pre-process the element indices:

We can have a map or a vector of vectors. Since the elements can be up to 2e4, perhaps a vector of vectors, where for each element x, the indices are stored in a vector. 

In C++, we can use a vector of vectors. Since the elements can be up to 2e4, but the elements can be up to 2e4, but the elements can be up to 2e4, so we can have a vector of vectors, with size up to 2e4+1. 

Wait, the elements are between 1 and 2e4, so we can have a vector of vectors, say, a vector<vector<int> pos[20001], where pos[x] contains the indices where x occurs.

Building this is O(n).

Then, the segment tree:

Each node stores the candidate and count. 

The segment tree can be implemented with an array. The size is 2^(ceil(log2(n)))*2, but in code, it's easier to implement with a recursive approach or iterative.

Alternatively, here's the plan for the code:

Implement the segment tree as follows:

Each node contains:

struct Node {

{

    int candidate;

    int count;

};

The build function:

For a node covering [l, r]:

if l == r:

    candidate = arr[l], count =1.

else:

    mid = (l + r)/2.

    build left and right children.

    left = left child's candidate and count.

    right = right child's candidate and count.

    if left.c == right c:

        candidate = left.c, count = left.count + right count.

    else:

        if left.count > right.count:

            candidate = left.c, count = left.count - right.count.

        else:

            candidate = right c, count = right count - left count.

Wait, but this stored count is the difference between the two counts. 

But when querying, the actual count of the candidate in the node's interval is not directly stored. So, the stored count is not the actual count, but the difference. 

Thus, when querying, the stored candidate may not be the actual majority, but the true majority must be among the candidates from the nodes along the path.

Wait, perhaps the candidates collected from the nodes along the query path will include the true majority element. 

Alternatively, the candidates collected from the nodes' candidates along the path will include the true majority element. 

Thus, even if the stored count is not accurate, the actual majority element must be present in the list of candidates from the nodes' candidates. 

Therefore, when querying, collect all the candidates from the nodes involved in the query's decomposition. 

The number of candidates is O(log n, so for each query, we can collect these candidates, then for each, compute their actual count in [L, R], then pick the maximum.

Thus, the code steps:

Implement the segment tree to return all the candidates from the nodes involved in the query. 

Wait, but how to collect the candidates list during the query?

Alternatively, during the query, we can traverse the nodes that cover the query range, and collect their candidates into a vector. 

Once collected, process them.

Thus, the code outline:

In the query function of the segment tree, we can collect the candidates from the nodes that are part of the query's decomposition. 

Alternatively, the query function can return a list of candidates. 

Alternatively, during the query, we can recursively traverse the nodes and collect the candidates from each node's candidate. 

Once we have the list of candidates (each node's candidate), even if they are duplicates), but duplicates can be removed to avoid redundant checks), but even with duplicates, it's manageable.

Once we have the list of candidates (say, up to O(log n elements), like 20 elements for n=2e4), then for each candidate in the list, compute the count in [L, R] via binary search on their occurrence list. 

The maximum count among these candidates is the maximum possible count in the interval. 

Thus, the candidate with the highest count is the majority element. 

Thus, the algorithm is feasible.

Now, the code steps:

Implement the segment tree with the candidate and count as described. 

The query function for the segment tree would need to collect all the candidates from the nodes involved in the query's decomposition. 

Alternatively, during the query, we can traverse the nodes and collect their candidates into a vector. 

Once collected, process them as above.

Now, the code structure in C++:

The MajorityChecker class will have:

- The array arr.

- A vector of vectors pos, where pos[x] is the list of indices where x occurs.

- The segment tree structure.

The segment tree can be implemented as an array of structs. 

Alternatively, since C++ allows for a recursive approach, but for efficiency, an iterative implementation might be better. 

Alternatively, here's a possible code outline:

The segment tree can be represented as an array of structs. 

But for simplicity, perhaps a recursive approach is manageable.

Alternatively, here's the code outline:

Implement the segment tree with each node storing candidate and count.

The build function:

void build(int node, int l, int r) {

{

    if (l == r) {

    {

        tree[node].candidate = arr[l];

        tree[node].count =1;

    }

    else

    {

        int mid = (l + r)/2;

        build(2*node, l, mid);

        build(2*node+1, mid+1, r);

        // merge left and right children.

        auto left = tree[2*node];

        auto right = tree[2*node+1];

        if (left.candidate == right.candidate)

        {

            tree[node].candidate = left.c;

            tree[node].count = left.count + right count;

        }

        else

        {

            if (left.count > right.count)

            {

                tree[node].candidate = left.c;

                tree[node].count = left.count - right.count;

            }

            else

            {

                tree[node].candidate = right.c;

                tree[node].count = right count - left count;

            }

        }

    }

}

Wait, but the count stored here is the difference between the two counts. 

But when querying, the actual count of the candidate in the node's interval is not directly known. 

Hmm, perhaps this approach is not sufficient for getting the actual count. 

Alternatively, perhaps the count stored is the actual count of the candidate in the interval. 

Wait, let me think again:

Sup Let left has candidate c1 with count cnt1 (actual count in left interval).

Right has c2 with count cnt2.

If c1 == c2, then the combined count is cnt1 + cnt2, so the candidate is c1, count is cnt1 + cnt2.

If c1 != c2:

   the combined candidate is whichever has higher count. The count stored is the difference between the two counts (cnt1 - cnt2 if c1 is chosen, or cnt2 - cnt1 if c2 is chosen).).

But the actual count of the candidate in the parent node's interval is:

If the parent's candidate is c1 (because cnt1 > cnt2):

   the actual count is cnt
